[ASP-2215] Update documentation to include reservation explanation (#208)
omnivector-solutions/license-manager: docs-source/src/architecture.rst

License Manager Agent
---------------------
The ``license-manager-agent`` is responsible for keeping the local cluster license totals
in sync with the the 3rd party license server totals. It's also responsible for making booking requests
to the ``license-manager-backend`` when Slurm is configured to use the ``PrologSlurmctld`` script provided by ``license-manager-agent``.

Reconciliation
**************
For each license tracked by License Manager, the ``license-manager-agent`` will periodically poll the license server to get
the usage information and store it in the ``license-manager-backend``. The ``stat-interval`` is the period of time
between each reconciliation and can be configured in the ``license-manager-agent`` configuration file.

The information in the ``license-manager-backend`` is used by the reconciliation process to update the license counters in Slurm.
This is done by creating a reservation to represent the licenses used in the license server.

> This reservation is not meant to be consumed by users nor jobs, it's only a representation of the licenses in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reservation is not meant to be consumed by users nor jobs; it's only a representation of the licenses in use.
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

The reservation is created by the user configured in the ``license-manager-agent`` configuration file. The user must

> have a Slurm account in the cluster and have at least ``operator`` level of priviledge to be allowed to create the reservation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
have a user account in the slurm cluster and have ``operator`` privilege level to manage reservations.
```

Author: Thanks, I updated it.

Bookings
********
The ``license-manager-agent`` is also responsible for making booking requests to the ``license-manager-backend``
when Slurm is configured to use the ``PrologSlurmctld`` script provided by ``license-manager-agent``.

Each job submitted to Slurm will make a request to the ``license-manager-backend`` to book the needed licenses prior

> to the allocation of the job. The booking ensures that the licenses are available for the job to use, taking into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the allocation of the job. The booking ensures that the licenses are available for the job to use by taking into
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

consideration the licenses booked for other jobs and the license usage in the license server.

If the booking cannot be made, the job will be kept in the queue until there are enough licenses available to
satisfy the booking request.

Grace time
**********

> Since a job can take some time to check out the license from the license server, each license has a ``grace time``
> period used to indicate when the booking can be deleted, since the job will have already checked out the license
> from the license server and doesn't need to hold the licenses in the cluster anymore.

Reviewer: These sentences are not super clear, so I suggest a re-wording. I made an attempt here:

```suggestion
A job can take some time to check out the license from the license server after it is submitted to Slurm. Thus, each booking has a ``grace time``
period that is used to indicate how long a booking will be retained. After the grace time expires, the booking is deleted. This ensures that the job has enough time to check out the needed licenses from the license server. A booking is deleted after a job finishes even if there is remaining grace time.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I changed it a little bit to indicate that the grace time is related to the license, not to the booking. Does it sound better now?

The booking is deleted once it reaches the ``grace time`` period for the license or when the job finishes, whichever comes first.

License Manager Backend
-----------------------
The ``license-manager-backend`` provides a RESTful API where licenses, bookings and license configurations are tracked.

> The ``license-manager-agent`` uses this API to store the license usage information and to consult the booking requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``license-manager-agent`` uses this API to store the license usage information and to process the booking requests.
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

> The backend is also responsible for verifying if the booking requests can be satisfied, accounting for bookings already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend is also responsible for verifying if the booking requests can be satisfied by accounting for bookings already
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

made and the license usage in the license server.

Configurations
**************
Each license tracked by License Manager has a configuration that defines the license type, the license server host
addresses and the grace time period. The license type identifies the provider of the license server.

> License server support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following license servers are supported:
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

* FlexLM
* RLM
* LS-Dyna
* LM-X
* OLicense

Licenses
********
The ``license-manager-agent`` stores the information polled from the license server for each license configured.

> The information stored includes: total, in use and the user that checked out the license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information stored includes the total number of licenses available, how many licenses are in use and which user checked out the license.
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

Bookings
********
The ``license-manager-agent`` stores the information about the booking requests made by Slurm when the ``PrologSlurmctld``

> script is used. The information stored includes: the job id, the user that made the booking request, the number of licenses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
script is used. The information stored includes the job id, the user that made the booking request and the number of licenses being booked.
```

Author: Changed it in the latest commit.

when Slurm is configured to use the ``PrologSlurmctld`` script provided by ``license-manager-agent``.

Each job submitted to Slurm will make a request to the ``license-manager-backend`` to book the needed licenses prior
to the allocation of the job. The booking ensures that the licenses are available for the job to use by taking into
consideration the licenses booked for other jobs and the license usage in the license server.

If the booking cannot be made, the job will be kept in the queue until there are enough licenses available to
satisfy the booking request.

Grace time
**********
A job can take some time to check out the license from the license server after it is submitted to Slurm.

> Thrus, each license has a ``grace time`` period that is used to indicate how long a booking will be retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, each license has a ``grace time`` period that is used to indicate how long a booking will be retained.
```

Author: Fixed in latest commit.

After the ``grace time`` expires, the booking is deleted. This means that the license was checked out from the
license server and doesn't need a booking anymore.

> A booking is deleted after the job finishes even if there is remaining ``grace time``.

Reviewer: I think this sentence isn't needed any more after the previous change.

Author: 100%, I removed it.
